Mississippi Mud Pie
Ingredients
All-purpose flour, for work surface
Pie Crust 
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips
Additional bittersweet chocolate bar, for decoration (optional)
1/2 cup coarsely chopped pecans, toasted
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter
4 large eggs
1 cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoons light corn syrup
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup heavy cream
Directions
1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. On a lightly floured work surface, roll
dough out to a 12-inch round. Fit into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate.
Using kitchen shears, trim crust, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Fold edge
under then crimp with your fingers. Prick bottom all over with a fork;
refrigerate 30 minutes.
2. Line with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place
on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake 20 minutes until edges are just
beginning to turn golden. Remove parchment and pie weights, and
return shell to oven. Bake 10 to 15 minutes longer or until golden all
over. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Reduce oven temperature to 350
degrees.
3. Sprinkle 2 ounces of the chocolate chips in the cooling pie shell.  Wait 
5 minutes and spread melted chocolate to cover the bottom of the pie shell.  
Scatter pecans over.
4. Using a microwavable safe bowl, melt butter with remaining 6 ounces of 
chocolate.  Microwave at 30% power for 2 minutes.  Stir.  If not completely
melted, Heat at 30% power for 30 seconds. Repeat until totally melted.
5. Using an electric mixer on high, beat eggs, granulated sugar, corn
syrup, and salt until thick and batter falls back in a ribbon when beaters
are lifted from bowl, about 3 minutes. Gently fold butter-chocolate
mixture into egg mixture. Pour into pie shell. Bake 35 to 40 minutes or
until top forms a crust and filling is just set.
6. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, then refrigerate until well
chilled.
7. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat cream with
confectioners' sugar until soft peaks form. Top cooled pie with whipped
cream and chocolate shavings.
